Lianfeng Luo:
Overall Planing:
Doing most of the work as early as I can, because the early weeks will have more free time and other courses' workload.
Week 2:
Work doing
1. Setting all the repo and share with README.md, create demo branch; 
2. Construct the basic database user module structure; Construct the basic frontend and backend environment and set up the database by myself;
3. Manage using token as a verification tool;
4. Finish all the frontend and backend user module such as login, register, forget password(reset by email) and all by myself;
5. Adding he profile pages (frontend display and backend api) and merge user profile and user module into one module;
6. User image uploading on profile;
7. Working on the proposal

Diffculty:
1. Not get used to image uploading and came up with a lot of data type problem (solved);
2. Not familiar with the backend (django) and react (frontend).

Plan for week3:

1. Create search function, and advertising accommodation;
2. Using location address to get the search result;


Week 3:
Work doing
1. Setting up user advertising module;
2. Setting up the search bar;
3. Setting up display search result;
4. Implement google api.
5. Implement the wishes list feature;
6. Working on the proposal; 
	a. ER-diagram;
	b. modify the Aim;
	c. Building all the epic; 
	d. Modify Software architecture 
	e. All the System Module and Flow; 
	f. Team skills set; 
	g.Program optimization)
7. changing the gallery display and adding the map display;
8. Debugging and test some feature is not function correctly;
9. Dealing with the frontend style;
10. Construct the logic of booking and message relationship;
11. Part of the booking post request and message function.

Difficulties:
1. Uploading multiple file also have data formatting problem when send to the backend;
2. Google mapping problem.
3. Complex checking of the booking and available date on datebase query. Complex datetime conversion frontend and backend.
4. Complex logistic of message and the booking and message.

Plan:
1. Keep doing the booking feature;
2. Adding the use review;
3. Get the push notification;
4. Combine start-end time booking with the property available time when user do the searching.


Week 4:
Work doing:
1. Finish the booking feature;
2. Add booked filter in backend of the search query;
3. Allow use the drop the marker to do the location search;
4. Adding the use message feature;
5. Testing and debug;
6. Adding the schedule task

Difficulties:
1. Complex database query;
2. Complex logic of the relationship between the message dialog, booking and message content table.

Plan:
1. Keep doing user and property review
2. Adding recommondation.
3. Adding chatbot.

Week 5:
Work doing:
1. Finish the user review;
2. Adding the email login;
3. Finish the accommodation review;
4. Adding delete property frontend and backend;
5. Adding advanced slack search;
6. Adding rate ranking filter;
7. Adding recommendation around you.

Difficulties:
1. Complex rate sql query base on the foreign key feature aggregations.

Plan:
1. Adding chatbot (use of the stanford api);
2. wrap up some component on the docker.

Week 6
Working doing:
1. Adding day in the search bar to achieve flexible searching;
2. Try to deal with chatbot but do not find it helpful to the website;
3. Optimising the message periodic pulling.

Plan:
1. wrap up some component on the docker
2. Documentating the code 

Week 7
Working doing:
1. Adding the cache to boost the speed on some of the complex sql query;
2. Documentating the code;
3. Testing and debug on previous module.

Plan:
1. wrap up some component on the docker
2. Documentating the code

Week 8
Working doing:
1. Documentating the code;
2. Start on the final report;
3. Testing and debug on previous module.

Plan:
1. Wrap up on docker (intergrate all the frontend and backend code to docker);
2. Adding email verification on registering and profile email changing.

Week 9
1. Final report writing;
2. Transfer things to the docker;
3. Adding the production configuration;
4. Set up cleaner version of readme;
5. Testing and debug.
6. Adding email verification on registering and profile email changing


Difficulty:
1. Production mode will have many thing not accessible and it is quite hard to configure at the first place;
2. Docker integration will need some time to do the research.

Plan:
1. Doing final report;
2. Demo preparation;
3. More testing

Week 10
1. Doing final report:
	a. Overview;
	b. Architecture;
	c. Descriptions and functionalities;
	d. Third-party functionalities;
	e. Build, setup and configuration;
	f. Part of System and functionalities detail;
	g. Challenge;
	h. Part of Future Improvement;
	i. part of License;
	j. Reference.
2. Demo preparation;
3. More testing;
4. Readme file changing to make it more clear;
5. The schedule task debugging.

All in all:
Finished all the coding, environment setup, software architecture and logic by myself;
Doing most of the report work and demo work;
Spend total about 350 hours on this application.

